Update rearrange_by_column patch for explicit comms (#992)
rapidsai/dask-cuda: docs/source/explicit_comms.rst

==============

Communication and scheduling overhead can be a major bottleneck in Dask/Distributed. Dask-CUDA addresses this by introducing an API for explicit communication in Dask tasks.

> The idea is that Dask/Distributed spawns workers and distribute data as usuall while the user can submit tasks on the workers that communicate explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea is that Dask/Distributed spawns workers and distributes data as usual while the user can submit tasks on the workers that communicate explicitly.
```

Usage
-----

> In order to use explicit-comms in Dask/Distributed for shuffle-based DataFrame operations, simply pass the ``shuffle="explicit-comms"`` key-word argument to the appropriate DataFrame API (e.g. ``ddf.sort_values(..., shuffle="explicit-comms")```). You can also change the default shuffle algorithm to explicit-comms by define the ``DASK_SHUFFLE=explicit-comms`` environment variable, or by setting the ``"shuffle"`` key to ``"explicit-comms"`` in the `Dask configuration <https://docs.dask.org/en/latest/configuration.html>`_.

Author: @madsbk - Does this change seem okay to you? My understanding is that the `EXPLICIT_COMMS` config/env-variable was only being used for the shuffle/rarrange_by_column_tasks patch.  As far as I can tell, we never use this config to automatically use the explicit-comms merge anywhere. Is that correct?

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is correct.
